Ladies and gentlemen, I'm your Comptroller Jeff Davis. Glad to be back in town.
It is November 5th, 2018 and Harmontown is now in session.
We're going to start things off in a slightly different fashion.
A little bit of a departure from our normal intros before I introduce your Game Master and your Mayor.
Let's please bring out the Solid Me Undies Dancers!
Yeah.
You're Game Master Spencer Crittenden, everybody.
And the Mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Me onesies, me onesies, me onesies, me undies as onesies, head to toe, wearing me undies the way you know,
but now the way you've never known them.
Me undies are growing from your shoulders to your groanum and your ankleum, soft as regular me undies, but hovering your body, which raises questions.
I'm wearing an undershirt right now and regular me undies under the me onesies.
But if I wasn't wearing me undies underneath my me onesies, I have to wonder if I would just be rocking a constant, agitated, hard on.
You're a stocking fetishist.
Well, look, everyone's a soft material dragged across your cocks fetishists.
Everyone.
I'm not going to segue into a wrap about this.
Everyone's a having cloth draped across your crock, apologist.
Not apologist.
Fetishist.
I'm not defensive about any of my fetishes.
I'm just saying, like, I'm just saying, for me to say, look, we all know that the me undies material is made from a material, a space age, but what is it called, a replenishable?
Completely sustainably sourced.
Space age fabric that's three times softer than cotton.
We're talking about micro-model.
Micro-model.
And I got excited about me socks.
Oh, yeah.
Turns out me socks are made of cotton.
It's three times less soft than micro-model.
I can see why they were hesitant.
They never sent the me socks.
And meanwhile, I was worried, like, well, what if the me socks are also three times softer than cotton?
Is this going to turn into an Ed Wood situation for me?
Because I'm a fan of women in comfortable fabrics.
And what if I wanted to take upon myself there?
What if I got a taste of it and was like, you know what?
What if this awakens something in me to paraphrase Dean Pelton from my hit show community?
But I'm draped head to toe in luxurious micro-model.
For the non-stream subscriber, Dan and Spencer are wearing what can only be described as hoody to toe onesies right now.
This looks like Christmas morning at...
I assume these are called me onesies, right?
I hope so.
Did you coin that, or is that what they're actually for?
I don't know.
Probably.
Did I coin it?
I mean, yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I mean, they probably had a long time to think about it.
Anyways, they're a sponsor, but look, I mean, we don't...
If Black and Decker sponsors the show, we're not going to come out here and drill...
That would be amazing.
Now, Spencer...
That sounds like fun, though.
We should do that.
Well, maybe we would do it, and maybe that would be fun.
Because that sounds great.
But if it were worse, we wouldn't, because we have integrity.
Right.
Spencer, are you wearing anything underneath your me onesie?
Oh, yeah.
Clothes.
So you have a full outfit underneath your me onesie?
I'm wearing a three-piece suit.
I have the feeling that you're actually not wearing anything under that me onesie.
No, no.
It's legal.
I wonder about my nipples, because I'm wearing an undershirt, which I don't know if I would or wouldn't...
I wonder about your nipples, too, Dan.
It's like, what if I had micromodal encasing my nipples?
It's not bad.
Every time I rolled over in bed, it was sliding across it.
I don't know.
Why don't Spencer and I talk for a bit?
You go backstage, just robe, and put your onesie on without anything on.
No, no.
Not without...
No, that's not...
That's...
No.
What are you afraid of?
I'm concerned about...
The show being bad.
I was about to say, I'm worried about what they're afraid of, but I don't want to go there because
then you're going to go, what are you afraid of?
Right, people?
And everyone's going to go, we're not afraid of anything.
I'm afraid of what is a salt, whether they asked for it or not.
How about this?
I don't want them watching to see whether or not my little tiny fucking paneling nail
cock starts to twitch and...
There comes a point when entertainment is worth no ticket price.
What about this?
Leave your me undies under your me onesies on, but take the shirt off.
Just the shirt.
Let's do a nipple experiment on your me onesies.
Just a nipple experiment.
Let's talk...
There's just so much to talk about.
It's such a crucial time right now, guys.
I mean, by the time this actually drops as a podcast, the time will be over.
But right now, it's such an important time to let your voice be heard.
I'm talking about making sure that you leave a comment under a famous person's Instagram.
Letting them know why you don't vote.
How dare Judd Apatow post a reminder that it's time to vote.
You don't let your voice be heard explain to him why democracy doesn't work anymore.
He's asking for it.
And more importantly, what if...
What if you didn't say anything?
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
The system would walk all over you.
Famous people would remind everyone to vote.
Everyone would vote whether they wanted to or not
for whoever the fuck they wanted to.
You have to let freedom ring.
This is your one chance to lend your voice to an outcry
without risking your voice actually becoming a part of anyone else's voice
because this is about you, after all.
Please write a three-paragraph theme under everyone's Instagram.
How long, Alyssa Milano, must we live under the cruel tyranny of me following you on Instagram?
What do you mean, rock the vote, Sebastian Cabot?
Is he still...
Is his Instagram still alive?
Yeah.
I'm like, you know, everybody look, our culture has obviously become about, you know,
as everybody knows, like when I was in high school, we would have a thing, a Milwaukee.
You, like, stand in the parking lot of the McDonald's.
And Jerry's...
Or it's a stranger, it's probably a stranger because otherwise you wouldn't do this.
But somebody's Camaro goes by and they go...
And they peel their tires.
And then what do you do in response to the tires peeling,
regardless of how many people are around you and how much they value their eardrums,
this Camaro has committed a crime.
So now your duty as a champion of the people and their peace and quiet is to go...
Ew, you're so cool!
And then probably possibly maybe someone who heard you do that could open their apartment window
and go, hey, some people have to work in the morning.
And then maybe someone who lives on the roof of that person's building could be like,
it must be nice to have a job!
Says the pigeon master.
The weird off-brand crow archetype who emerged with the spirit of pigeons
because he wasn't quite very wrongfully murdered.
It's endemic to our culture.
Social media has only exasperated this feeling that if you just let a day go by
without letting people know how fucking unique you are,
a landslide might happen of mediocrity, unremarkability.
You might get subsumed in just mayonnaise and like...
You'll wake up tomorrow and you'll be like, I should have said something yesterday.
It's probably not true.
I think if anything, isn't it nice that the celebrities now are simply saying vote?
They're not saying...
Because they really do just want you to vote.
Here's a spare thought for some of these people that are asking you to remind you to vote.
They maybe even know that you're not going to vote.
They're simply making one last fucking deal with whatever deity they worship.
I gotta say something so I can sleep like a baby.
Remember Pontius Pilate?
He was like...
Nobody remembers Pontius Pilate harder than my personal trainer.
It was really hard on him personally.
He was surprised.
He was like, I think I'm going to get it.
It's possible that someone that says to you,
by the way, don't forget tomorrow's Waddle-a-day,
that before you go, you know what?
Here's the thing about that.
I'm not going to do it because here's why.
You might be talking to the one person left who's still talking to you.
You might be shooting a messenger.
Cody and I were watching...
We were listening to a podcast about...
It was another horror podcast with some horror narrative.
In a lot of these stories, people will...
They go through a ghost story and it'll resolve in...
What are you laughing at?
Don't tell me I'm not dressed the way...
I'm just saying.
I don't know whether wearing jammies during a tirade helps or hurts.
It definitely is good.
We look like spokesmodels for a new kind of gum drop from Europe, right?
Muchenglubans.
People like us are like, give me some of them.
Miwonsi should come out with a gubernatorial brand of Miwonsi.
It's a suspender so you could tuck your thumbs into it.
What is with you millennials and hoods?
Oh, boy.
Why are you millennials so hood-accepting?
They're good.
Wear a hat, you jack-offs.
No one has ever done anything bad wearing a hood.
Would a Generation X invest too much in peripheral vision and...
Fuck you, space children.
It's hard to... You can't see on the...
What the hell's going on over there?
Some guy buying all the hats, that's what's going on.
You fools.
You're too hood-happy.
You're a bunch of hood-drunk hologram kids.
Dan, keep your hoodie on and recite the Federalist Papers for us.
See how much water that holds.
We, the Federalists, bring upon this paper,
the Union of Two Governments,
the Federale and the Federolum.
Yeah, I can't even keep track of it.
You can't do it, you can't do it.
You gotta wear a weird beaver top hat.
Anyways, oh, so we were listening to a ghost story on a podcast
and ghost stories, they often...
They oftentimes will...
There'll be like a ghost.
And then if it's...
And there'll be three acts, there'll be like a story.
And if it's gonna be like a happy ghost story,
like, oh, and then we get rid of the ghost,
a lot of times it'll involve burning.
We're gonna burn down the house,
and I got a can of gasoline that says,
this is never gonna happen to anyone else.
And I'm always like, wait, you don't get that.
You don't have that in ghost writing
of dooming a ghost to haunt a charred pile of briquettes?
Well, ghosts are inherently flammable.
You're burning the ghost to death.
Nobody's saying the ghost is gonna burn,
but I think there's an assumption in some of these stories
that if you just burn down the house
where somebody got murdered or molested,
that the ghost is gonna go finally.
Yeah, no, it's done.
Like, I was attached to the wood, like a termite.
Well, no, I mean, how do we know it's not like GPS?
That's the spot.
Right, you know?
And if you burn the house down,
you're actually dooming the ghost to, like, float around.
And then I was making that observation to Cody,
and then Cody said, we were high.
And then Cody said, this isn't gonna be...
You guys are gonna take no delight in this,
but sometimes things make you so happy
you just gotta try to share them.
And then Cody said, well, maybe it's like a firehouse ghost.
And then when she said that, I was like,
oh, are you doing, like, a play on words?
Like, because you're evoking the famous phrase
that I've never heard called a firehouse ghost?
And she's like, what? No.
I'm saying, like, well, maybe it starts to haunt the firehouse.
And I'm like, wait, so a firehouse ghost isn't an idiom?
Like, it's not an expression,
because it definitely should be.
And she's like, no, yeah, no, it's not an idiom.
And she's like, no, yeah, no, I'm saying, like,
maybe it was like a firehouse ghost.
It just, like, leaps off the page as, like, an actual expression.
Especially right now, a firehouse ghost
it's sort of related to shooting the messenger.
It's like, whoa, man, listen,
it's like if you're protesting together
and you're like, fuck, we don't want Nazis to take over America.
Fuck that.
And then someone tears you and goes, excuse me,
are your boots gluten-free?
And you're like, fuck you, bitch.
Fuck, bitch, I don't beg your pardon.
And they're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, guys,
you're haunting the firehouse.
You're frightening the only people
that are available to frighten.
Nobody that we're trying to fight
gives a fuck what you're talking about.
Get your signs back up in the air
and stop being firehouse ghosts.
Oh.
Anyways, well, I didn't mean to make the example political.
I just thought that it was a fun link.
I spent the last 45 seconds
trying to think of a song by the band Firehouse
and I couldn't think of any.
Ghost.
Man, you're kind of haunting the firehouse right now, man.
Like, who cares if he used the wrong pronoun?
Like, he's totally on your side.
Firehouses haunt themselves, bro.
Well, actually, you know, like...
Put the hose down, man.
I still like to imagine like firefighters,
like, that's just the thing they have to deal with all the time.
They're like, look, I mean, if we were going to let
firehouse ghosts like scare us out of the firehouse,
we wouldn't be very good firemen.
Fire people, so.
Or is that a Ghostbusters reference because they,
Ghostbusters work outside of a fire station.
Right, well, that's a dumb dot to connect.
Let's move on.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Oh, oh, I took it too far, huh?
I like it.
It's just a, it's just in a barrel now.
Like, oh, Ghostbusters in the firehouse.
Couple of firehouse ghosts.
There was a movie where a firehouse was haunted.
Yeah, but it was a comedy in 1983.
It's not like...
Just Jeff.
Let's uh...
If you think that you're wearing relaxed jammies around me,
would you any sort of moral high ground?
I just feel more empowered.
I'm like, fuck you, buddy.
What, are you wearing a suit?
Yeah, how much, yeah.
What'd you pay for it?
Don't even have to tell me.
Your comfort.
Oh.
I don't, I don't, I make no compromises.
I'm cloaked in Modal.
I'm talking to a guy who won't even wear his,
me onesie without wearing other clothes underneath it.
You can't even...
Take off that shirt.
Get the nipple experiment.
You can't even have a party or shower with a beautiful woman
without taking your jeans off.
Yeah, that's a weird science reference, motherfucker.
Because Levy didn't bring me my phone,
I'll take my shirt off while I grab my phone
if you guys think you can handle it.
I don't.
I don't think we can.
The reigns of Apollo's chariot for long enough
that the earth is not scorched
and the seasons don't change.
I don't think we can do it.
I just think it's worth the risk.
Not even the risk, it's worth the damage.
All right.
What Dan doesn't know is that we have background,
like backstage cameras.
Let's put those up on the big screen.
All right, Chris, Bo Ruff.
For $5 a month, you can watch Dan Harmon take his clothes off.
Oh, look, there's his asshole.
Spencer, what's your stance on hoodies?
You have hoodie up right now.
I'm loving this.
I was saying that it reminds me of the Santa ornament
I had at my house that was just, like,
carved out of a wooden rod.
It just delights me that I look like a weird red druid.
Oh, no.
Oh.
Proof.
So defiant.
Is it awakening something?
It came back out like James Coburn.
Well, I had to keep it on zip,
like the sort of broken-spirited porn actress
that I've become.
Like, see, I swallowed it.
Does that satisfy the fucking parameters of your porn site?
Can I get my fucking clothes on and go to Best Buy now?
Does Best Buy still exist?
I'm at Costco.
I can see...
I think I can see one of your nipples right now.
I think I can see one of them kind of...
Yeah, they're probably getting super hard.
But this is an advertisement for Meundee's new Mewenzie,
because I'm telling you, you should be afraid of the comfort.
This comfort, yeah.
Comfort that will...
What are you doing?
Come on. Now, this is...
That's not...
This is becoming problematic.
His nipples are just fucking, like,
the Eiffel Tower is on top of his chest.
That's gonna happen in life.
There are normal nipples that may be extraordinarily excited
by a fabric that is inordinately soft.
Do you think that's a plus or a minus for these...
Like, on your Yelp review of these things,
are they too exciting for your nipples?
No, not too. That's what I'm saying.
It's an advertisement for...
I'm saying, like, hey, man...
You know, like, you think of, like,
they'll be up like a candy bar advertisement,
and they'll go like,
oh, careful, it might taste so good that you get fired, you know?
Yeah.
It's like, oh, these pajamas will make your dick explode.
People are gonna order them.
They're gonna be like, well, let's find out.
I'll take that bet.
Yeah, I didn't stop eating Cheetos when I found out
they were dangerously cheesy.
Yeah.
Or like, you know, like, old movie,
old horror movies that go like,
there's health insurance available at the door
in case you have a heart attack from, you know,
a goblin coming out.
Yeah, that makes sense.
It's good advertising.
Speaking of goblins, are you excited about this next season
of Harmon Quest?
Oh, yeah.
You guys can come to taping if you want.
It's next week.
I tell them.
Yeah, I am.
Dan and I are actually in the show.
You guys can come if you want to.
Okay, cool.
Yeah.
All right.
The only other two things that I had to talk about
were this other thing in...
This is a thing...
Moving from true crime to horror podcasts,
I have noticed the one thing that...
I've noticed a human flaw in our culture.
It's something that I think we're letting slide too much
and not questioning.
This concept that you can feel like someone's watching you,
I don't like it.
Like what?
Like even cops in true crime shows will be like,
yeah, I went to the vacant lot,
and then I had that feeling, you know,
like someone was watching.
Like it's your professional police officer.
And then it's like, you shouldn't be saying the same things
that somebody's saying in some crazy, fucking,
cuckoomani story about an octopus monster in a garage.
Like, where did we get this idea
that it's like totally kosher to be a person
who doesn't necessarily totally believe in the paranormal,
but we all can feel when someone's watching us?
That's crazy.
That's moon man shit.
I'm not saying it's not possible.
I'm saying like, you better fucking say,
I believe in goddamn psychic phenomenon then.
You can't just be like, well,
I'm famous forensic psychologist so-and-so,
and then I got that feeling, you know,
like you feel like someone's like watching you.
Like, what do you mean? What do you,
Spider-Man, you can't say that.
You're not allowed to say that and be a scientist
or a police officer or anything.
What if like it's a human thing of you being
like hypersensitive to the slightest movement,
the slightest sound?
That's not what it is. That's why I don't,
but the slightest sound.
Like, daredevil, like the hairs in the back of your neck
are picking up on like someone's breath.
That's called someone being so close to you
that you can feel their breath.
That's not what I'm talking about.
Like, oh, I felt like someone was watching me.
We just accept it. We're too accepted of it.
When people say that,
that should be the equivalent, at least,
if a police officer on a true crime show says,
and then it kind of got that feeling, you know,
someone was watching me, we should at least
regard that as the same as him saying like,
you know, I knew I was a Capricorn,
so going in I had to bring extra bullets.
We should be like,
I don't care how many bullets you bring,
but don't base it on that.
Be careful.
You write, you write reports.
They can't be based on no planets.
They got to be based on the beat.
And the street.
All right.
Look, you know,
I've been doing this long enough.
I feel like your pajamas,
your pajamas are giving you too much of a sense
of latitude right now.
Latitude!
Latitude, he thinks I've got.
Oh boy, if he can stand where I'm standing,
I feel like I've got to hunch over
just to avoid the ceiling fan with these people.
I know where I stand with you folks,
and I'm fine with it.
That's why I always bring interesting guests.
We talk about things, you know,
I throw them to the sharks.
I say this in the most loving way possible,
the way your father said it to you a thousand times.
I've had it with you.
And I say, as your babysitter often said,
I don't care what you think.
And as your mother said maybe a few times,
like, you're not mine.
There's no actual connection here.
It was a legal semi-financial transaction
in the back alley.
It's the best intro to a guest of all time.
So don't even think for a second
you have power over my confidence.
Shut up, you sycophantic prick!
See, I can't tell if your onesie
is making you more confident or more vulnerable.
It's almost like it's...
Maybe I started drinking at work early.
You don't...
You don't know me!
You don't know nothing about me!
Maybe after a year,
I finally signed a contract that makes me unfireable!
That seems like a safe B's high of the tech.
Oh, sure, no, yeah.
Oh, Dan, that seems safe to talk about.
Hey, Dan!
Oh, that seems a good thing to say.
Oh, Dan, that's a good idea.
Oh, Dan, keep talking about that.
Hey, Dan, pick your battles.
Hey, Dan, keep talking.
Oh, dig a little deeper.
Too much information.
Oh, I wouldn't say what you're saying right now.
Meet, meet, moop, moop.
Fuck off, I hate it!
I can't stand this life anymore!
I'm 45 years!
I spent doing one thing right!
I was honest!
That's all I ever did!
Just let me fucking tell you how my day went!
Stop fucking pretending that there's a way
I'm gonna get through this life unscathed!
It's not gonna happen!
The only way to do it wrong is to be afraid
of these fucking people!
Let's bring out our socialist friend.
What?
We've had...
It was the best intro.
It's our...
It's our favorite socialist, Josh Andrasky's here.
Yeah, measure B!
What's up?
That was real.
That ruled.
Well, it felt real, but I didn't really say anything.
I think what I'm saying is if I feel like saying anything
in the future, I may say it.
So it's a...
But I didn't really say anything.
You're saying that you might say something?
Yeah, I'm declaring an intention to say.
It's a promise ring of saying.
Yeah, it doesn't really mean a lot.
Hell yeah, but it means some to you.
It could be good.
You're like the Elon Musk of saying things.
Well, I mean, look, I know he overpromised
his delivery of pork people's Teslas.
Is that what you're referring to?
No, he's a great man and he's my best friend.
Leave him alone!
He's Willy Wonka, but an evil, awful, awful,
horrible, union-busting child man with pork skin.
You guys are all jealous and...
He was a child of gem barons.
If Ruby's in his pocket growing up, this is true.
We love rubies.
Those are good things.
They're beautiful.
They look great.
And his family keeps them from the rest of us.
You find them in chests.
Well, let's make you the Elon Musk of socialism.
Let's even the score a little bit.
Equal time.
Right, Elon will be responding to all of your points.
I would love that.
How have you been since the last time we saw you,
which is a long time ago, probably too long?
I've been really good. Thank you.
Do you want some liquor?
Do we give it according to need?
You're looking extra marx-y right now.
It's like slumber party marks.
Well, I probably look like slumber party Hitler, too, though.
I look like slumber party anybody.
No, not with that beard.
You have to get rid of most of your facial hair.
You were talking about, since I last saw you,
my beard maybe got busier.
Well, less Hitler, like, certainly.
I'm interested if Hitler had a beard.
I think he would have been way cooler.
For God's sake.
It says a lot about you that you're like,
I'm going to have one little fucking square of hair on my face,
and that's it.
That's the worst thing he ever did.
I've been good.
Among his biggest crimes, facial hair.
Yes. Thank you.
I do wonder about that mustache,
because obviously the thing we know,
a lot of make things come to mind is chaplain,
but so we know there must have been some fucking thing
that people did back then.
Gas masks in World War I,
you couldn't have a long, wide mustache
because it would break the seal on the gas mask and the trenches.
The fashion for short mustaches became a thing
where you could seal the gas mask around your mouth.
That seems very...
That seems very logical,
but it seems like the kind of logic that ultimately is like...
It's like when people go like,
you know the word fuck stands for
for use of carnal knowledge,
and they used to tattoo it on witches.
I'm like, that rings logical,
but it also doesn't ring with the kind of organic truth
that most true things turn out to have.
It almost sounds a little overwrought.
It doesn't explain why Michael Jordan
had a Hitler mustache in the Haynes commercials.
Unless he was going ham on that gas mask bong.
Oh shit.
Name a better reason.
Yeah, all right.
Do we believe of mankind, for instance?
And in this case, I truly mean mankind,
like that mustache fashion would
acquiesce to gas
masquerade in functionality
while still, like, would people be that insistent
on a mustache that they would be like,
well, there's got to be some mustache there.
That was also a mustache style pre-World War I,
but that became a more functional mustache.
Oh, okay. All right.
So it gained popularity because...
It gained functionality.
Like, if you were a fighter...
It gained popularity because of the functionality.
So you keep pretending that you're correcting me.
We're talking about the same thing.
You fucking son of a bitch.
Oh, you're haunting the firehouse, bro.
But we're...
Oh, no.
God damn it.
Josh, I was saving that one
for later in the show.
I'm so sorry.
You loved it right up.
That was a big mistake to save it, I think.
That's like a cookie on a...
I mean, not to undermine your use of it.
He did it perfectly.
But it was pretty easy.
But I don't want to harp on this,
but I have these questions.
They're also answerable through Wikipedia, probably.
But what do you type in?
Hitler mustache?
The chaplain?
It's like, what is that fucking stripe?
Now we have this insight
that maybe it got signal boosted as a mustache.
Whereas it was gas mask compatible.
Please retweet this mustache.
Please, signal boost.
But at some point still, people are like,
God knows why any mustache would ever...
I mean, we all know from playing role-playing games,
video games, that there's a million kinds of mustache.
Hell yeah.
How do any of them gain any kind of favor?
Also going to any bar or restaurant in Silver Lake.
So we got to send Malcolm Gladwell to Squirrel
to discover how mustaches sociologically get better.
Josh, what has happened since we saw you last,
maybe personally or politically,
I don't know, take it anywhere you want to.
So I'll take it politically,
because that's what I've been sort of...
So I guess I should say first
that I won a million dollars on a slot machine.
Oh, right.
Yeah, I won a million dollars on a Big Bang Theory slot machine.
That's a real thing that happened to me.
I think that was something that we didn't talk about,
but that was true last time we saw you,
because you didn't then give it all away,
which would undermine your...
I gave half of it away.
I did.
Any Elon Musk could fucking take that to the bank.
You won a million dollars on a Big Bang Theory slot machine,
and gave half of it away.
So they're like friends and family in various organizations
because nobody should hoard that much well?
And how much did they socket to you for luxury tax on that?
Oh, boy, way more than...
It's got to be like half, right?
Yeah, and then the slot machine corporation
cuts off a chunk for them.
They got to have a taste.
I don't know why, but they cut off like six figures.
They have a taste.
Shut up, not really.
No, for real.
No, shut up.
I swear to God.
Well, we made the machine that made the money.
What they...
Yes, which is how Elon Musk gets rich.
You think it was cheap to get Chuck Lorre to agree
to put Big Bang Theory's face on this machine?
It didn't go to Chuck.
I checked.
I'm a millionaire now.
I can talk to him.
No, they said that what we promised you was the annuity.
So you get like $50,000 for X amount of years.
And it ended up being until I was like 55 or 60 or something.
And I was like, there's not going to be a Nevada then.
Give me all of it right now.
And they're like, all right, well, we got to cut off six figures
for ourselves.
And that's the deal.
To get the lump sum.
That is such a fucking...
I know, don't you feel so bad for me?
Also...
Well, we do because they should...
Because a million fucking dollars should come out of the thing
and knowing that that can't happen,
that the fucking check that comes out should be...
You should be able to take it to a giant foam bank and like...
Yes.
The ghost of Ed McMahon is there.
It sucks.
But it's also uplifting actually to learn that like if you do win
like a bunch of money in a contest that actually it is...
It's like basically like as cool as getting a massive
unearned promotion at your dishwashing job.
And that it only like actually...
That there's like four...
Every year.
Yeah.
Yeah, that would be cool.
So Josh, I have a question.
Yes.
I have friends that have won much smaller amounts,
but still big amounts of money like on slots.
Right.
Did they guilt you into tipping them really largely?
Oh, they didn't have to.
That was the first fucking thing.
I was like, give me all this money.
I just want to walk around and give people a hundred dollar bills
because like how often do you get to radically confront
your own value system?
Right?
Like I am a self-proclaimed card carrying socialist.
So it was like, all right, I have to literally put my money
where my mouth is now.
So like that part of it that was like could have been a Larry David
like what did you do to deserve...
I was like, what did I do to deserve this?
So I was just like, I'm the money man.
I wanted to get a suit with question marks all over it.
Like free money for me.
I'm assuming after all of those take-aways and all that stuff
that you still ended up six figures up.
Yeah, under 500,000.
I just got for being a dude.
Was this a high stakes game you were playing?
No, it was a penny slot, my man.
Sorry, I'm hung up on something else.
You know that suit has dollar signs on it, not question marks.
If it was question marks, it would be the Joker.
The Riddler.
Matthew Lesko had the exclamation points over the dollar signs.
The real estate guy, he looks like the Riddler
but he has dollar signs, right?
Matthew Lesko is his name.
I know that from being super stoned and watching TV.
You're not the first person that goes like oh I got question marks
It's like, God, if I created the Riddler, I'd be so mad.
Question marks.
Wait, really?
Vindicated.
Wait, he can't do that?
No you can't.
You're probably fine with him doing that.
I'm mad.
Intellectual property.
That could be money out of my pocket if I was in the different...
Yeah, you're right.
No, he's got question marks.
Then I'm a double villain for cutting off this conversation.
No, I'm happy that we proved me right.
That rules.
I love it.
But I also have to go back to the Rick and Morty writer's room
because this is actually a running joke in the room
and the butt of the joke is someone who we thought misappropriated.
It doesn't matter.
Wait, did you have an elaborate joke?
I have to send three text messages when I get off the stage
and eat a lot of shit.
Did you have an elaborate joke premise that just came true
before your very eyes?
It came false I think.
No, no, no. We had an in-joke.
We were having a conversation that somehow touched on that guy
and then the person who described him as having question marks
all over his suit was mocked, ridiculed, tarred, feathered
because none of us looked it up on the internet
and all of us agreed just from our understanding of
fucking property, IP law, that there must have been dollar signs
to fuck you, how could you confuse them for the riddler, you idiot.
And I need to buy that person a dog or something now.
That's a fair barter.
I feel like they're owed a dog.
So Josh, you're in a casino, you're in Vegas, right?
Yes, Las Vegas.
And you're a card-carrying socialist.
And what is the impetus to sit down and play slots as a socialist?
Because I'm going to steal this money from the system
and appropriate it to the masses?
It's the only honest form of capitalism.
It's the only honest industry in capitalism is gambling
because everybody knows you're going to get fucked.
When you enter into it, they're like, yes, we're going to fuck you.
And you're like, cool, I'd love a limerita.
You get free drinks while you're doing it.
And the idea is that the lottery is...
I wouldn't be surprised in a socialist society or an anarchist society
even depending on the type of anarchy that lotteries would happen
given that they often use them to fund schools and stuff, right?
Well, I mean, I don't know if there's fascist lotteries like the Shirley Jackson one.
We've got to stay away from those.
No, that could be good, though.
I mean, I'm not a conspiracy guy, but do you think that people at the casino
go, OK, we've got a real socialist candidate?
I mean, look at him. He's dressed like McGyver.
He goes on podcasts, he's got a platform.
Let's make this socialist rich on casino capitalist money.
Guess what he's going to do?
Go on all these podcasts and talk about...
What was the casino?
The El Cortez.
Yeah, now everyone's going to go to the El Cortez.
But, you know, it could be really good for us if you wanted at the Meundies casino.
You know, you see what I'm doing here?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The messaging between socialism and casinos have the...
It's not incompatible messaging.
Both billboards say, hey, poor, wishing you weren't,
come to a place that everyone like you comes.
Right, except for in socialism when it's done as, like, written as you're supposed to do it.
No one's supposed to win a jackpot.
Well, but also nobody's supposed to go bust.
It would be like everybody ties and then sometimes you win and that's cool too.
Right, they don't put that on the billboards though.
They don't go.
You might not go broke and end up sucking dick for crack.
Yeah, I mean, you're not gonna.
That's a promise.
You still can.
If you want to.
Yeah, what if you can provide dick sucking and you need coke?
Right?
That's communism.
That's bartering, my man.
That's the new economy.
That's what Marx calls seizing the means of production.
That's according to my needs.
We're slipping into this trope though where we do,
we always do this in political conversation where we tend to,
I'm gonna make up a new phrase in my drunkenness, we hyper-rise every ideology
because what we want to do is we want to go like,
well, the socialist is grabbing some potato chips, I see.
When the reality, I would say is, come on, we've succeeded as a nation
by blending the right ideologies and the right ratios
and we fail when we get tempted by, somebody grabs the conscience,
like we need to fucking step on the faces of everyone who thinks
that they're entitled to a fucking dollar that someone else made
and it's like that, that's one gas pedal that can get pressed
that fucks things up for everybody in the long term.
And maybe arguably another gas pedal, though I don't know in the history of this country,
we've repressed it so hard that we've been threatened,
I think a lot of people would say we have,
but the opposite idea is also a terrible idea,
like the idea that, hey, everybody come over here and don't,
well, if you're feeling weak, just follow your instincts
and line up and hang out, we got your back
and the fear is that that's gonna, oh, where are our Alex P. Catons,
who among us will remember how to be savage?
Right, yeah, they're bored with an ale in it.
But the truth, I mean, we all learned in history class that it's good, come on,
we go through, like the fucking shit happens, like oil plummets through the floor,
like nations go into crisis and then presidents rise up and say,
everyone's gotta get a job or you're gonna do this for free,
like these moments of historical inspiration where we blend these concepts
and then we have these words that excite people, socialism, communism,
you know, like it's, come on, we have so much socialism in our country right now.
Yeah, it works for everybody.
Yeah, yeah, like the trash people and like all these things like municipal services.
Taxes.
Yeah, well.
The police.
I mean, those are the, not great ones.
Libraries.
Fire department.
Yeah, those ones are better.
The police that we have are better than a privatized police force.
Yes.
The garbage, the garbage service is better.
You know, like we definitely.
Robocop proved it.
People, the hardest core conservative is not gonna start arguing with you
that he thinks that 12 garbage trucks should show up and argue with each other
about who gets to take his garbage away from his house.
He just wants his fucking garbage taken away, et cetera.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And well, actually to talk about what I'm working on right now,
because I have all this free time now, I've devoted like it all to something called
Measure B.
You've definitely heard of it.
How many other people have heard of Measure B?
Okay, that's cool.
It is a very small campaign.
There's only a few of us working on it right now.
But essentially what it does is you were talking about privatization basically, right?
Like the idea of like, oh yeah, let's just let people whose motive is to make as much
money as possible, decide things that matter in people's lives.
Right.
And the things that are ostensibly, sorry to derail you for a second,
but the things that are ostensibly foundational to the pursuit of happiness.
Right.
Education, medicine.
Yeah, that's where we get into these debates.
Because it's like, well, wait a minute.
Is it part of being an American to, if you cut off your thumb, be able to get it reattached
or is it, is that something that only Mr. Howell on Gilligan's Island can have
and Ginger can't because she hasn't made enough coconuts yet?
Yeah.
That was a TV show in the 1970s.
Mr. Howell was rich and so Gilligan did stuff for him.
It didn't make a lot of sense because Ginger was a movie star.
I guess she just didn't bring enough money in her suitcase.
It's like, don't you think Mr. Howell is going to be like, I'm good for it.
Lovey.
Yeah.
All right.
Continue.
Sorry.
She could have used Measure B.
But education may be sliding into that.
So, well, yeah, so, well, another thing that slots into that is finance, is money, is just
the idea.
I think we talked about this one of the last times you were on is like the financing of
the government that the banks are involved in.
Sorry.
Oh, this is the credit union versus...
Essentially.
So it's the idea of like a for-profit bank versus a public bank.
Measure B would be the first step towards a public bank.
You get a groan from that guy.
I thought that was a gasp.
Oh, it might be.
I don't know.
He'd let out a bunch of, he's like, oh.
He deflated.
Yeah.
Continue, sir.
So basically what happens now is when you go and buy an ice cream cone, the city puts
your tax dollars in a private bank and that private bank uses your tax money to finance
investments in oil pipelines, in guns, in cigarettes, private prisons, including the
very cages that separate undocumented children from their families.
Desicrating native lands.
Oh, absolutely.
They love doing that shit.
They can't get enough of it.
Guys, if all of this happened every time I bought an ice cream cone, the planet would
be over.
Oh, but it is.
And also the government needs to get financing from banks to do governmental stuff like building
a park.
And the banks can say, hey, we're not going to let you build this park and give you the
money unless you make burning children legal.
Or they charge a much higher interest on student loans and on credit card loans.
You understand interest payments are fucked and it's just extracting labor from people.
Literally blackmailing the government because they realized they had the power to do so.
And since that happened, we've dealt with these horrible problems coming from money
not being in line with what the public needs for a society.
And it plays into economic crises, right?
Because banks, and this is kind of shocking, they can just straight up lend out like 90%
of their deposits to anything that they want, which is a pretty obvious flaw right staring
at you in the system that everybody just agrees is fine, that you can lend out 90% of the
money you have.
Like if I...
Look into the usury.
Yeah.
Look into it.
Yeah, okay.
The FDIC is hopefully trying to help banks not come into problems where they don't have
the money to when there's like a massive run on the banks, but it won't let go so far.
The FDIC is just taxpayers bailing out people.
So every time basically we finance all of this gambling that these total translucent
sideways blinking millionaire dudes in New York, these are not my real beliefs, I'm
just exaggerating for comedic effects.
It's real beliefs.
I'm not going to like make a hard left turn and like everyone's a lizard.
Only an elite class of super lizards that go from above.
If everyone was a lizard, the lizard agenda would be undermined.
Some fucking asshole that was born into a specific family that makes them a billionaire
is profiting off of the literal worst things in the world and we are subsidizing our own
extinction.
Right.
Measure B is the first step to stop that because instead it would not extract all this money
from the Los Angeles economy, it would keep it in the Los Angeles economy and invest it
specifically in things that we deem are good, right?
And so right now City Hall is like really taking our lead, which is fucking weird.
Everybody wants it.
Doesn't the police union want it?
Yeah.
Everybody.
It's kind of important for California, right?
Because we basically as a state, correct me if I'm wrong, California, it kind of like
there's a lot of back and forth where it's like we give the landlord this much and the
landlord owes us this much and blah, blah, blah, but we're basically at this point in
time unless I'm wrong, it kind of all comes out even, meaning that now more than ever
California has that sort of power to be like, you know what?
Yes.
Yeah.
California's not in as much debt as it was like 10 years ago and right now is the exact
time because of that sort of economic leverage for Californian cities to start doing this
kind of thing.
Actually, what happens now is it's about $1.1 billion a year that we owe to banks for the
privilege of propping up their horrible industries and letting them profit off of this.
We owe them $1.3 billion a year.
Those are service charges and wasted money.
Yeah.
Interest and fees and shit like that.
Right now, this is a fucking insane thing, but you're like, oh, it's 2018, that makes
sense.
50% of all infrastructure money in California right now goes directly to a banker's pocket.
That's like way too much percent.
That's yeah.
You know what I mean?
That's 50% too much.
Yeah.
We should probably, we're on a good roll here.
We've got the audience's attention, of course.
They love it.
I'm a ringmaster.
My profit relies on me keeping these people locked into my addiction to my content.
Some of them might be going, hey, Dan, what are you doing?
What are you just feeding me a bunch of numbers and a bunch of stuff?
Here's the thing though.
We're going to wrap it.
We're going to disguise it in a little entertainment.
We're going to do a little, I'm going to be a glit glop, the bank.
I'm listening.
I need you to do more than listen because I need your help really badly.
I don't know how to.
So you're a bank.
Well, I just, I want to make this, I want to make this, I want to wrap this in a narrative
and make it entertaining and provide you with a platform so you can be like, I don't want
to spoil it, but I foresee you going like, hey, glit glop, you can't take 21% of that
or whatever.
Like we put it on a spoon with some gumdrops on it and we fucking like, you know, you're
topping from the bottom right now.
And what if, what if there's a fun character called MCB, like for measure B?
All right.
Measure B.
Yeah.
MCB could be the spokesperson.
Right.
Of glit glop, the bank.
He's the spokesperson of the situation.
Well, glit glop's the bank.
No, glit glop's probably a bad person because he's a bank, right?
Oh, okay.
So MCB is our Greek chorus.
Right.
More or less.
Yeah.
You guys are having a bad situation and he shows you that there's a better way.
Measure B.
All right.
So I'm like a customer and I'm upset with the bank.
Can my name be Josh still or does it have to be like, 12 Bill Steen?
Yeah, yeah, of course.
I don't know.
No, Josh is great.
Okay.
But I'm glit glop.
That's fair.
I'm the bank.
Okay.
Now I want to be someone else.
Well, no.
Can I be, can I be Antonio Banderas?
Yeah.
Okay.
You're actually the second person in a month to want that.
That seems like way too few.
That's amazing.
He rules.
Yeah.
Omar Camacho just expressed a desire to be him a few weeks ago.
All right.
Well, yeah.
So are we doing a scene and then it'll turn into like kind of a Hamilton-type musical
about financial, I think so, yeah, yeah.
Financial power.
Okay.
Sure.
So I'll, I'll set the scene.
You haven't come in yet.
Good.
You're rich.
Come on.
Dave, you're, I think, by the way, I think that's my trainer that called out the usury
thing and I think he's on your side.
Look it up.
Look up usury.
I know when people yell things out, the primate instincts is like, shit, somebody wants to
fucking kill me.
What is he training you to do?
Commit usury.
If you have to ask nothing.
Okay.
I thought it was some sort of emotional training.
You should have been like, holy shit, I was going to ask what happened.
Oh, you look great.
Zach, are you up there?
And Zac McKeever up there in case we need beats for this Hamilton musical?
All right.
He says, sure.
Okay.
I mean, some of the first song would be like me setting up my bank because, you know.
All right.
Zach, Zach, I want you to DJ this Hamiltonian musical.
We want to like Glip Glop.
Well, we want to accept him.
Right.
Yeah.
Sorry.
That's what I mean.
Well, maybe if Glip Glop changes from a private bank to a public bank, then we can accept
this Glip Glop.
Oh.
Right.
Oh, he's a, he'll be a, okay, good.
I like that.
Oh, boy.
It's kind of like Book of Mormon, I assume, like, like, I'll start as a, well, why don't
you be, don't be a customer then, I'll be a villain.
Why are you telling Antonio Banderas what to be in the scene?
You be an employee of the bank.
Okay.
And I'm bringing the, yeah.
This is your first day of work.
Okay.
And I'm like, whoa, this is all, okay.
Cool.
Because that's more like Book of Mormon and that's a hit.
Okay.
All right.
This is going to be as good as Book of Mormon.
Yeah.
It's going to make people vote for stuff too.
Yo.
Oh.
Glip Glop.
Bank.
Bank into America.
Oh.
Here come the finance.
Yo.
Flip the sign.
Open for business.
Business.
Coast to coast.
I got the most.
All of the money comes through me.
Like I was toast.
Them brown on the edges and white in the middle, but everybody dances to this bank's fiddle.
Welcome aboard.
It's your first day of work.
Be a pro.
Don't be a jerk.
Let me show you the ropes.
Let me show you how it goes.
I'll show you how to handle all the ladies in the bros and the non-binary customers.
That's a growing demographic.
Disposable income.
They can get any job they want.
Well, I'm Antonio Banderas and I'm here to say I'm at work for my very first day.
Here's my accent.
Good.
Bad.
It's great.
It's good.
Thank you.
That's rad.
But you know it is not.
This bank.
It's all covered in snot.
Morally.
Oh.
I feel like it's set up horribly.
What do you mean?
Don't you like your job?
Why are you coming in here like a socialist stop, the bank works the way it works for the
dollar?
Yo, if you don't like it, holler at your girl, your girl being Hillary, I don't know.
The thing about you that you do not understand is that you are a bank and I am a man.
I see what lies before me just sorrow and I'm kind of horny, but for justice.
And what I want is for you to give more of your profits to little kids so they can grow
up in a world that's true and not sunk underneath the ocean blue.
Okay.
Certainly must say I've never spoken to a new employee with your brand of Spitfire.
You never before hired an employee with my brand of Spitfire.
Ting.
If we weren't making more money by through our Latin X outreach tax subsidy, then we
would by firing you.
I don't have to tell you what I do.
However, it just so happens I need a man like you in my office.
Like permanently or just temporarily as we talk in a place that isn't right here on the
banking floor.
To speak to.
Yes.
Because there's things I need to read you into as they say.
I will happily join you in your office, which I assume we are walking through now as I am
saying.
Yes.
I like.
I glide.
Because it's Broadway so the walls are going up on strings and the new walls are coming
down on strings.
I'll learn the terminology.
I think we could use a man like you at our upcoming conference.
We're sending a few candidates out to Florida for a global banking initiative.
That sounds wonderful.
Florida.
I love Florida.
I love tan middle-aged white women and Jell-O shots.
Just keep representing us the way we like to be represented so we don't lose our subsidy.
You'll keep your job.
There may be a promotion for you.
But do me a favor.
Put a clamp on all this commie talk you were spewing when you came in.
But what if I told you that in doing some of these commie things, we, this bank here,
could keep more money instead of putting it away into other places?
Oh, keeping more money is called profit and I'm sure we figured out how to turn one of
those by now.
You would think so.
Will he ever understand?
Beat.
Well, I'm the Tony of Enderis and I'm here to say, there's still a Tony of Enderis in
every way.
Just have to remind you that up front.
Here's the thing.
I'm gone.
You're doing, I thought you were doing like a solo.
Yes.
Of course.
This is all in my head.
This is you explaining to the audience how you feel so that they're on your side.
So don't hog my moment in the spotlight.
It feels so right right here between you and me.
Just me.
Just him.
Between you and me and just me, there should be life and liberty and not banks that just
create poverty.
But that's just between you and me.
Just him.
Me.
And him.
Boy, oh boy, I didn't think I would rap.
Honestly, I'm surprised it's not crap.
Here's the thing that I want you to hear.
Vote for measure B or I'll cut off my ear.
Oh, shit.
Oh no, my hearing's going.
It's the sound of an airplane landing in Florida.
Oh, yes.
We're crossing a threshold.
Cut the music.
Oh, no.
You're in Florida, but your ears hurt.
Florida, moderately priced beverages everywhere.
Fast casual dining.
Excuse me, please get out of my way.
I can't.
I'm sorry.
Let me help you pick up these files for the banking conference.
Oh, I'm sure to be late now and get fired.
Wait a minute.
I'm worried about being fired for other reasons at this very
banking conference.
Maybe you and I are very alike.
Well, since we're both obviously going to take different cabs,
we're both going to be late.
Wait, wait.
But what if we took one cab together?
This one right here.
Wow, what a Deus Ex Machina.
Hello, hello, did you guys want to get into my taxi cab?
For some reason I am a Frenchman.
He doesn't seem sure about his accent either.
I trust him.
Has anyone told you, sir, that you sound a little bit like Ren from
Ren and Stimpy?
Yes, every day of my life.
Well, I have no choice but to share this cab, but it runs counter
to everything my parents taught me about how to use...
Madam, you have every choice.
You do not have to get into any cab that you don't want to get into.
Just wait.
Look at me now and understand that, yes, if we competed individually,
maybe you would get a cab faster than hearing me give this emotional
speech.
But if we work together and share the cab, like two people who share
maybe a planet and that planet's resources, maybe we'd get there on time
and not get fired but prosper.
I'll do it right now and think about it later.
That's great, person whose name I don't know yet.
It's Wendy.
Wendy.
Wait, did you say Wendy or Wendy?
Okay, sorry.
Go back into your thing.
I'm sorry I interrupted.
My name is Wendy.
Hear me blow forever.
I often know what others know.
It's the winds of change.
For me, it's the winds of fear.
Blow those winds away.
Oh, they're going, they're going away now.
If only I had your confidence and your wisdom, Antonio.
If only I could think twice before I speak.
If only I had your long black locks and piercing eyes.
If only I had your body and yours mine to keep.
Why don't we share them?
In a collective of body parts and qualities.
So we can both draw upon them wind.
Oh, is that a cab?
Are you open?
Hey.
No, that's ours, sir.
Thank you.
Let's get it.
Let's get it in.
Come on.
Let's get in the cab.
Oh.
I'm taking you to the economic conference, I understand, right?
Yes, this is the Holiday Inn.
Yes, please.
We're going to be big people in the banking world one day.
All right, well, actually, it was next door to the airport.
You didn't even have to get into my cab.
Didn't we, though?
You know what?
I don't even want to accept any money from you because it feels like the love that you have provided the world is enough to sustain a whole community.
Oh, gosh.
What is it about you?
Ever since I met you, it's like goods are being exchanged for services with no standardized currency.
People tell me that all the time.
Hey, Wendy.
Antonio.
Why don't we, if you mind, if you are enthusiastically consenting, hold my hand.
I know we did it already, but I'm asking again to prove that I am a gentleman.
Okay.
And why don't we walk together into a new world of sharing, banking, and our hearts?
Well, we've got to go to the conference, right?
Yeah, I meant metaphorically, but literally, yes, I mean, let's walk directly into that Holiday Inn Express.
If you're asking, can we sit together at the seminar?
Of course.
Oh, cool.
I guess I have some abandonment issues, so I didn't really read that, right?
Screech!
Hello, this is me again, the cab driver. Oh, I overheard you saying you want to go into the seminar?
Yes.
You have to go all the way around the back of the convention center.
Hop back into the cab and I'll take you there right now.
Okay.
It'll be on the house.
It'll be mutual reciprocity.
It is not based on capitalism or any sort of agreed upon finance.
It's just the fact that you have made me smile and I will give you a free ride around the back of the seminar.
Thank you so much for explaining that to us.
Yeah.
Let's do it.
I just want to be totally on to the table about this.
Absolutely.
All right.
Let's go back into Zika.
Antonio, I had abandonment issues once too.
Really?
Can I give you some advice?
Sure.
Abandon them.
Abandon those issues of abandonment.
I'm going to leave them behind.
I promise you.
Let them be afraid to be left alone.
I will do that.
Wow.
Being here right now in the place where we first met outside of this cab makes me know that I'm going to spend the rest of my life with you.
Will you share your life with me?
Oh.
I'm afraid to abandon him.
But I'm also afraid to be abandoned.
But I'm not afraid to abandon those fears.
I do.
Yes.
She said yes.
Oh, no.
Let's skip the whole banking conference.
There's nothing they can teach us.
Let's open our own bank based on Cyclon B.
What's the thing called?
Cyclon B.
Oh, boy.
No, it's a very common misunderstanding.
As the cab driver, I overheard that.
It is certainly not Cyclon B.
Well, yes, on Cyclon B.
That's a gas that was used in concentration camps.
Yes.
I don't know why out of all the B things with that coming to my...
Because you're feeling so many things right now.
We're getting married.
It's because I'm from Wyoming.
Yes, of course.
You get targeted Facebook ads that say only people who are from Wyoming make up bad things just like MB would like this.
Men that look like you were going to kill me.
Oh, yes.
No, that's your fear.
And you're going to abandon that fear.
Leave it behind.
And come evermore near.
We're going to get married.
And form a form.
Form a good part in being.
Good show, man.
Good show.
Hey, great show, man.
Oh, no.
Super great.
Oh, great show, man.
Okay, fine.
One more time for Michael Flatley, everybody.
Michael Flatley.
So that's what a public bank is.
I mean, nothing bad happened to them.
They just met and fell in love.
Yes, some stories are small.
All right.
But if you guys got into my cab, I was going to abduct you both.
That's what it was seeming like.
It was a trick.
I could feel that tension.
I was going to find out that you were a trader to the bank.
He's a double agent working for the thing.
Well, Jeff spends a lot of the time that he should be here doing this show out on the
road with professional improvisers.
So he knew where he was going and we didn't.
No, but you guys are falling in love and singing and there's no way.
I thought they would laugh at that.
I didn't know what people would be like, ooh, burn.
It was a joke.
I thought it would be funny.
Oh, improv slam.
I'm not upset.
I thought it would be a funny joke.
But I think maybe some of the people are resentful of you for being so absent lately.
Yeah.
Or maybe they're racist.
They hate Brandon.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Only your vote will decide.
The B is for Brandon.
Sometimes.
Oh, shit.
That's measure B.
Yeah.
Measure B is Brandon.
I thought it was Ben Derris.
I also thought.
Oh, that should have come up.
You are good at improv.
Yeah.
Measure B is, okay, now forgive my ignorance.
So do you know what a public bank is yet?
Let's start there.
But is measure B, is it a, it's not a legal referendum.
It's not something that's up for vote.
It is.
Yeah.
So it's a very small change to the city's charter that makes it legal to create a public bank.
It is currently illegal to make a public bank.
Right.
And the change would make it legal.
Oh, so simple, right?
Yeah, basically.
Very simple.
Too simple, in fact.
It's like when we, it's like, it's like saying, hey, porn stars don't have to wear condoms.
Sorry, bad example.
I mean, they don't.
But it is true.
When we had our friend Riley Reed up here, even though that's, it's easy to cloak something
in the guise of like, we're just trying to keep people safe.
No.
But you can also be like, it's like, oh fuck, you know, oppression and stuff.
It's like, it's not like porn stars are saying like, we want to be unsafe.
Right.
It's more like, keep this, yeah.
If everyone has socialized medicine, you check all the time, parallel for me to drop.
This is really stupid.
I think it was the same measure, though.
Well, I think it was.
I literally think it was the same.
Yeah, measure B, the conom long.
I think it was the same letter.
It was pushed by the guy who's pushing Proposition 10.
Yeah, really wild.
Because Prop 10 is great.
And that dude fucking sucked.
Yeah.
But he saw the light.
There were a bunch of activists that basically were like, yo, Prop 10 is good because rent
control is tight and people shouldn't landlord shouldn't be able to jack up prices.
When people move out, like they shouldn't be able to do vacancy bullshit and like jack
up the rent.
However much they want and keep people out of the neighborhood.
Is there a lot of.
So yes, on 10 also.
Yeah.
10 rules is there.
Sorry.
I didn't even I was thinking about my next thing that I wanted to ask.
That's good.
But that's fine.
I'm sure measured.
But is there what I wanted to ask is because we're like, if you even go to a bar and you
aren't on Twitter like me, like I'm still I'm like right now being flooded with imagery
that's like proposition this and then referendum that and all this stuff.
And it's like, and we already know like if we're if we're remotely savvy enough to get
jaded about it that that you've never you have no idea what the truth is now at this
point is just like what I want to ask you about measure B is for the for the folks that
are listening like that are in Los Angeles.
What can they expect to see on TV or hear from their friends who have saw something that
someone else on TV that's like the most common like reflexes like nut kick.
Like well, I heard that's for just people that want to have elephants eat their dick.
Well, I heard we don't even know what's going to happen if we vote yes on measure B. We
might be unleashing the gates to the apocalypse because we don't know on paper what it is.
Shut up dude.
Don't tell him.
Yeah.
No, that is the opposition.
What's the biggest opposition is we don't know what could happen.
Maybe demons.
Right.
Pretty much.
There's that.
I'm just glad we chose this opportunity to talk about this on a podcast that will air
two days after.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
You're right.
Well, we're talking to well, that's a bunch of fired up people here.
It makes it makes more at least 5000 people here tonight at the dime a tap link letter
that will certainly go out and vote tomorrow.
You're too.
You're fair enough.
Jeff.
I called you to I called you to because I started, I aborted to to say, okay, it was
a shitty tissue.
Very, very, however, it actually kind of makes sense because we're talking to the 38 people
in Los Angeles that come actually to see the show.
I love it.
There's more than 38.
Thank you.
Four more.
Yeah.
Four more audience members, four more audience members.
Don't chant that.
So here's the thing, the other thing is people are like, Oh, what, the city's going to run
a bank.
How can they run a bank because they can't and to that, I've always said that.
That's basically literally the guy in the ballot.
If you read the ballot, the argument against measure B for the guy who is he he looks exactly
like you think he would.
His name is Jack Humphreyville and he has no neck at all whatsoever.
Jack Humphreyville and he literally in the ballot in the argument against measure B
he goes, It's baloney.
And there was there's a thing that ran on KCRW today that interviewed a bunch of us
organizers for B and him and he's like, It seems like they're getting stoned.
Like those are that's really what it is.
He won't stand the baloney, you know, the only slippery slope I could think of I would
have to go into like shadow run logic or be like, Are you saying that in the year 2040
Los Angeles could be a corporation turning more profit than San Diego and go to war
with them?
No, but seriously, so we want to discuss you should discuss that because people are worried
about that.
There is a fear people have, but the reality is a fear I would love to have.
Right.
I would love the opportunity Los Angeles is a trillionaire, right?
And I think it would be better if do you guys have a real vision for what it's going to
look like because a lot of the push has been, Oh, we don't have any strong, it's only we're
making it legal to talk about now, so then going forward, if it passes, we'll be able
to in city councils discuss what we want the shape of this to be and actually legislate
it into existence.
So we're already doing that.
Right.
So what, what, what, how is that process going to work?
And how is it going to prevent us from like just being taken over or whatever, who's going
to govern it?
What?
So the important thing right is first and foremost, right now, the people in charge of
the banks, you have zero means of democracy there, right?
Collabs, Lloyd Blank, right now, right now, right now, the city just has to get in line
with you at Bank of America and open an account.
Yes, exactly.
And it's like, yeah.
Do I get the checks or what?
Yeah.
Shout out.
And get his personalized checks.
I had them.
Oh, yeah.
The babies are so cute.
They're flower pots.
So what would happen is there would be a very strict charter that we so city council is
letting us organizers have a seat at the table.
We are also working on state legislation that we need to be passed in order to make this
a possibility.
So in doing that, because statewide it's also illegal, right?
Yes.
Right.
But other cities have already made, because of their charters, they're able to do what
Measure B would do for our like Oakland and San Francisco specifically.
They're already working on it.
They've, they've like, they're like, okay, we've got task force and it's not shitty bankers.
They're like letting the organizers lead the way because everybody's like, oh, this saves
us billions of dollars and we get to fill in potholes.
So it's kind of okay that we're talking about it on our podcast.
Well, I hope so.
Because it's like medical marijuana a couple of years ago.
It's like an issue that's, you know, maybe the referendums will be different numbers
and things.
Yes.
It's going to start.
This is like a harbinger.
Hopefully this can be a domino effect.
So what happens next is there's the, it's just a slick harbinger.
So what happens next is the, the, the charter has to be very strict and it has to say we
will not invest in oil pipelines or private prisons or fucking baby cages or any of that
shit.
I can't, it might say I literally can't believe I have to write baby cages, but here we are
baby cages.
No to that.
I never thought I'd have to not check this box.
Right.
Never thought this box would have to be an option, but here we are.
And so, and then also prioritize, right?
Like if we're going to not all die in 40 years, like the UN's report just said might happen.
They've been saying that for eight years.
First it was 48 years, then it was 47, seven years later, no, it's 40 years, the world's
going to end, but maybe if you do something at 20 you could maybe blah, blah, blah.
I went jogging the other day, it was warm or I'm sorry, cold.
Weather changes people.
All right, sorry.
So again, there's something about pajamas that has made you, no, it's alcoholism.
I'm so drunk.
Okay.
But you're wearing your alcoholism like micro-model fiber, right?
I hope that myundies could see this at a compatible marketing point.
It's three times softer than normal alcohol.
Can we take a moment, can we get a momentary nipple update where your nipple's at?
It's fine actually.
Nipple experiment.
That's a good advertiser too.
Hey, are you a nipple guy?
Don't worry about it.
Do you get horny when soft things touch your nipples?
Are you therefore worried about wearing a Myundie onesie?
I'm Dan Harmon.
I've been sitting up here.
Wearing draped in fabric and I've been talking about banking for an hour.
I ain't got no hard on.
Myundies, I ain't got no hard on.
I'm going to sleep like a baby.
Baby ain't got no hard on.
Maybe we'll go back to the drawing board on the baby one.
But anyway, if we're going to mobilize enough capital to not all die in 40 years, we're
going to need to do it by a lot of money in the billions and a public bank after five
years and we'll be able to renew.
We're talking renewable energy for whole neighborhoods, solar panels, batteries, all
that shit because we're taking billions that we're going to bad stuff and putting it to
good stuff.
Morally, it's pretty black and white.
I remember Sarah Silverman talking about this years ago and this is sort of a cousin
of divestment.
That's what she was talking about.
We're going to get it out of your nationally franchised banks and put it into credit unions,
which I have not done yet and I should do.
You should because I've scared my accountant a little at me.
You got to be afraid of an accountant your whole life.
The idea there is that, hey, if your bank, God bless their soul, they don't have to be
evil to be following the marching orders of, we're supposed to make more money than the
bank across the street, which is also an international bank.
So of course, your funds are going to tend to end up aerosol misted across the planet.
Josh has invested all of his $500,000 winnings from the casino into mattress.
Wait.
At his house.
I'm Casper, Dave, the friendly boy.
Oh, I'm Casper.
Sorry, Casper.
That's me.
I'm the mattress guy.
I put all of my Rick and Morty merchandising money in one blue apron.
The bluest apron of all because there's no better investment than a meal delivered to
your home in pieces that you then assemble.
Have the satisfaction of an adult while remaining a child.
It's like curry and barbecue, but for other genres of food, it's, it's, it's the same
lifestyle you're used to, but we have your credit card number, but you do have to work
too.
From a distance, you'll look like a grownup.
Oh, you don't have time to pick and choose your own fucking things, baby.
Take the box, please.
Think of it as adulting wheels.
Don't have time to check the cabbage.
Don't have time to know whether you should buy cabbage.
We will give you a box.
Honey, did you check cabbage today?
There will be a bag of cabbage in it that will say, pour me into a skillet.
What about a new service that picks you up like a Lyft or an Uber or a Post-Mate or a
Grubhub or whatever, and they, there's just an adult-sized shopping cart that you get
to sit in like a baby.
Oh my God, that would be amazing.
And you get to, you get to go through a farmer's market and learn how to like buy.
Are you fucking kidding me?
That's the, it's a, it's a, it's a, now this guy's talking about fucking like, God damn
it.
You could do a cheaper one.
A giant Lily Tomlin shopping cart where you get to remember, you put your, you sit facing
a fucking dude who's like, or, or, or whatever, a parental figure who's like, well, what do
you like?
And you're like encouraged, you're encouraged to be like, they tell you like, they're like,
do not, you are not here to please this person.
Like you're, we want you to cry, throw a tantrum, like, like test us, test us.
And it's like, they're starting, they just wheel you around and they go like, do you
like lucky charms or no.
And you just get to like fucking, can you, I have so much rage and shame in me right now
that would be exercised by that.
I'm not, I know it sounds like a big fucking joke, but I'm so, and I know it's not really
viable as a financial institution, but I would pay so much if they said, like, have you ever,
have you ever gone groucher, groucher dolting or what about, wait, what about like the Uber
pool version of that?
Would it be like a double wide so everybody gets to kick their legs out?
Yeah, you do it with friends and you get to like pedal the cart, like one of those beer.
If you pay less, they have to be just in the car and they get like carrots put on them
or whatever.
Oh, how amazing would it be if the person was a giant robot?
That was just like mom legs from like Muppet Baby or whatever.
And you could like throw food at it and go like, fuck you, bitch, fuck you.
I don't want to go to school tomorrow, but Daniel, you're sitting on just this wire mesh
bench with their best friends who like group onto this experience and you pedal and you
go like, let's go.
So what do you guys want to do?
And you just go, let's go to the beer aisle and it's like, give us beer and the robots
program to go like, you're not old enough, blue, blue, blue, blue.
And you're just like, fuck you, you piece of shit.
Are you sure you meant to talk to your mother like that?
Dan Harmon.
Dan Harmon party.
Dan Harmon party guest one.
Were any of you asked to be born?
No!
We weren't asked to be born.
I'm so happy my dumb idea got this much traction.
That's so good.
I'm tired.
I mean, that's, that is like, like, like fucking to sit.
I like, like, I think we all had a visceral memory except maybe a couple of people that
are like, most be nice and I don't, I don't want to hear their story, but, but, but, but,
but, but like that, that, like, that feel, I just, I forgot, you know, because it's not
something that celebrated it, but it's like, holy shit, like putting your little tushy
in a fucking shop and wheeling your crabby little ass around and asking what you like
and don't like.
It's not like you got anything that you wanted, right?
Like, like, like, it's, but it's actually the agency is what's delicious.
So it's like, you're just being able to go like, I want bananas.
You want, we got bananas.
I'm like, those are green.
They turn yellow eventually says you, you know, just the right to be a little prick.
I don't mean to like burst the bubble, but I feel like with like the right amount of
mushrooms, you could do this from your very home.
So virtual reality, right, that, that's could be a huge, it's sort of like, like, remember
in the seventies, I remember references like primal scream therapy, you know, like, like,
like, make fun of everything, but it's like, I'm telling you, man, I've been through some
shit this year.
I, I, I'm aware of the fact that I have not been through nearly as much shit as almost
anyone listening.
That is not how I, how I measure shit is by your measurement.
But my point is like, I've been through some shit this year that most notably I, I, I can't
talk about.
And it, and it builds this fucking, my therapist has told me so many weeks in a row.
She's like, you're going to go get a drink.
Are you going to get, are you going to medicate this?
And I'm like, probably like, bet no, ain't no one invented nothing better.
Like, like, like, like, she did.
It's called weed, dog.
Well, wait, no, I don't, no, dude, we, I don't know, I mean, I don't want, I don't want to
just from the hip, like negate that because sometimes it says no cops on it.
That's more of a crapshoot for me where it's like, I hit the wrong weed at the wrong time
and the wrong amount.
And then all of a sudden I'm like, what are you doing?
You're, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But booze is as old as a fucking cowboy, biting a belt, like you suck a snake venom out of
his titty.
And then he gives you a free gun.
It's just fucking brute force that was by four across the head, fucking, you're drunk
now.
And the trouble being that you, as my therapist says, she's like, it's a preservative, like
what do we do with shit?
And it's like, sometimes she's a little clever about this stuff.
But I think it's like, it's like, yeah, it does, it preserves it.
Like I have no place to put my rage.
I'm like, I'm like punching shit, I got bloody knuckles, like, I'm like, I'm like, every
once in a while I'm erupting into this rage.
And I think that it's like, sooner or later I'm going to put it somewhere and it could
be a place that hurts me or, or, or another person.
And I feel like actually, like we must all feel that constantly, where it's like, well,
how, how, when do I get to shit my pants and I just think it's a wonderful like, like,
like, actually maybe that's what virtual reality could be is like, you throw these tantrums,
you just go like, I'm a baby, I want to, that's what this podcast was for me up until this
last year.
This is where I came to sit.
This is ask these guys, they'll tell you, they've been pushing me in a shopping cart
and I've been, I've been going, give me fruit lips and you guys have been like, what do
you mean?
Do you want to be socially conscious and I'm like, I don't know, depends if I have to or
not.
And then, but then like, there was this marking point of like January 2018, where it was like,
okay, strategically and hell, for every reason in every column, Dan, you're not allowed to
say what you're feeling and thinking.
And what is a tantrum that it's like, it's the most obnoxious horrible thing and we associate
it with children and we're like, you piece of shit, you should never look at that fucking
and we blame and we look, you're in the airport and you hear a kid going like, like, we hate
them.
It's like, terrible, terrible little people, they're having a fucking tantrum in the middle
of an airport.
Like, our species, maybe that's the, that's the next wheel is like, can we find it?
Because what are we having right now politically?
We're having tantrums, tantrums over everyone's having a fucking tantrum.
I mean, so, okay, a couple of things, one, we'll get there though, we'll get there.
Age Cage, it's a, it's a concept that's like Japanese therapy that was very hilariously
used in the show, Delocated, which is like a criminally underrated show.
And it's just a room that they set up and they just give you a fucking hammer.
And it's just like a scene and a fucking old TV and, and I thought like another person
I'm like, wait, I don't know, no, no, no, yeah, I'm not, I'm not a billionaire, it's
called murder.
I'm only a millionaire, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't kill with impunity.
Um, no, it's, it's, it's just stuff, it's property, which is not violence, it's vandalism
when property is destroyed, and therefore it's fine.
Yeah, but it's anyone, whatever, I'm not going to poo poo that, thank you for sharing
it with me.
So there's that, then the other thing I would say is like politically speaking at least,
sorry to be uncle fucking socialism, but if we get rid of-
His name is Uncle Stahl.
At least he apologized.
Yeah.
If we get rid of all the horrible things that we are willingly participating in and also
just make things better in the way that we absolutely know is possible, then everybody
wouldn't feel like screaming all the time, because you just feel like a crazy person
because you're like, we all know better than this.
Well, can I bring up a thing that I'm really jealous of our forebearers of, which is that,
and maybe this is the oversimplification that happens when you, you look backwards because
maybe it wasn't simple back then, but like all these historical chapters that we look
at counter culturally, it's always the people that are unashamed versus the people that
are ashamed.
And we don't have that culture war going on right now.
We have two different kinds of people that are both like willing to engage in shame and
fear arguing with each other about which type of shame should pay, which type of dividend
and which amount.
And it's like, how are you going to win that fight?
Like there's got to be some way to fucking move this line so that it's like in that classic
tradition of like, look, man, you can fucking make fun of everybody you want.
You can like harass anyone you want, but if you're harassing them, they're on my side.
I don't fucking care.
Like I am not signing up for this Boy Scout troop where everyone dresses the same and doesn't
have any fun and let the enemy say, no, we have fun and let them prove it because they
can't.
Hey, man, that is happening.
But they can prove that they have fun when they're trolling us and watching us dance like
monkeys.
So we're going like, whoa, whoa, whoa, someone told me that there's something outrageous
over here and they're laughing all the way to the fucking troll bank.
Like it's like, we got to take that power.
I hate that bank.
Vote no on the troll bank.
That pays nothing.
We got to, we got to figure out how to put that in the hands of the city.
It's such as the troll bank just traffics in like Pepe Bitcoin.
We got to get, we got to, you got to answer three riddles before you can get a deposit.
So the bank's going to be under a bridge.
I know.
I think like the thing that they're now delighting it is like just overt racism's because that's
they have kind of been retreated to a point where it's like, I guess we got to take pride
in this because you know, Taylor Swift is mad at us and Kanye stopped being into politics
now.
You know, well, yeah, there's going to be a treasure trove to the extent that we progressed
to the point where 10 years ago everyone was racist, then that means that everyone can
now go back 10 years and find something racist, you said, which we should all be mindful of
and go, yeah, shit changes.
I was fucking, I said shit that is bad 10 years ago, but we are in this mode.
I think of like, that my only point, I'm not even starting to say, you know what we need
to do?
I only came up because talking about tantrums, I think the reason why tantrums are so exciting
to me right now is because actually we're constantly throwing them online at each other.
Even people that are on our side, we are just frothing at the math, and if you told a Martian
what level of technology we were at and then said, you know, they would say, oh, so.
We've achieved tantrum technology.
Wait, wait, wait, well, if you told them we've achieved the technology where anyone from
any device, no matter what their income level, basically like with the price of a fucking book
of matches, you could basically have an opportunity to type anything anywhere and it would be seen
by everyone, depending on whether or not anyone thought it was worth reading.
That all sounds to me like the Martian would go, oh, so you probably have a lot less frothing
at the mouth than fucking crazy tirades, right?
And it's like, and then you go, no, the opposite.
The Martian would go, well, then something must be wrong that you're not telling me.
The technology is so new.
We've never before been so plugged into what's happening exactly everywhere.
And like our brains aren't used to like being like, hey, here's this horrible thing happening
in a country I'm just telling you about.
For the first time ever, you're going to learn about a brand new country because of a horrible
thing that's happened.
All that information is new.
But something that's not new is something that a lot of our parents like kept telling
us in kindergarten teachers, which is like, if you don't have something nice to say, don't
say anything at all.
If you don't have like golden rule shit that we think goes out the window because we're
looking at something that excites us, that traumatizes us.
We believe that there's a deal breaker that's present and well, but yeah, but it's on my
phone and it's like, no, motherfucker, that's exactly the point where you're being tested.
Right.
Well, it's because you're not looking at a human being and getting the facial recognitions
of like, oh, you're a person.
You're not going to get your ass kicked, for instance.
You're not going to get punched in the face.
You're not going to have to not make eye contact with someone that's more powerful than you.
All this shit that we should be a three worse thing.
We should be ashamed of as far as incentivizations to express ourselves or not.
That's another reason why we're being tested and trained by this technology.
It's like, oh, I just watched a guy get shot to death on a street and I watched the cops
gun tremble in his hand.
And then I have a bad day at work and then my therapist goes like, yeah, but don't you
think your body knew you saw that and I'm going like, yeah, but I didn't talk about
it.
I didn't retweet it.
I didn't.
Yeah.
But you fucking took it in.
You're being traumatized.
Now, it's not like we need to turn our backs on that, but it's like we are currently acting
like it's normal to watch people get shot and killed like it's normal to wake up every
day to the news that everyone's a piece of shit and that we're all going to die, which
may or may not be true, I'm not saying that's a lie, but it's fucking weird messaging to
get when you wake up and I'm telling you, we didn't get it when I was a kid every day.
Fred Durst didn't come on this fucking TV.
I got the message when I was your age that Snoopy hated Mondays, like depending on you.
Well, you got that message wrong.
It's Garfield.
There was, there was.
You got it that we just kicked the Kaiser's ass.
I'm sure Snoopy hated Mondays too, died by fire.
Whoa.
Speaking of fire, speaking of fire, you're really haunting the F house, dude.
Oh man, haunting the F house.
No, no.
You're ancient.
Too many times.
Well, whatever, I'm, I'm, it's tantrum, tantrum technology.
That's what we need.
We need, we need.
Yeah.
Primal scream assisting technology.
I think like truly because I'm telling you, I'm still walking around.
And I can now measure it by therapy because my therapist will ask me what's happening
in here.
I have a column of rage inside of me that I can measure and observe.
And I don't have to act on it because I'm 45.
I can just let it sit and burn.
But I know when it's zero.
I know when I'm like a fucking kite in the wind.
And I'm like, whoa, here you go, Pearl Jam and lyrics and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
Like, like, I feel, I feel it every once in a while.
You become drunk any better, but it keeps tight any better.
It keeps filling up.
It fills up.
And then you can feel it.
You know, it's, it's, it's, it's, you can, you can punch a wall and have it really not
go down.
Right.
There is.
You really punch a wall and really bloody your knuckles.
I punch it.
I've been punching it.
I have punched more walls this year than I punched the year I got divorced.
Like, like, I, and, and, and it's been in the last couple of months.
And it's been because of outrage, uh, about shit that I, uh, can't talk about.
And it's largely been about that meta fact that I can't fucking talk about it.
So I punch a fucking wall because what the, what else am I going to do?
The alternative would be to pollute my relationship with Cody, to pollute my, my workplace, to,
where do you go when you are filled with just a foundational fucking incompatibility with
a planet full of idiots?
TJ Maxx.
That's their slogan, right?
I think it's self-destructive of them.
Yeah.
I think, I think, I think it flew in the face of their base, but where do you go when you
have a foundational incompatibility with a planet of idiots, TJ Maxx.
It's catchy.
You gotta give them that.
All this summer, men's pants are two by two.
We got shelves and stuff.
I don't know how clothes work.
Yeah.
Do they sell them, like, animals on the Ark?
Yeah, marching on the Ark, two by two, hurrah, hurrah.
I think that, I mean, I don't know, I feel like there's a lot of people right now who
just have a voice for the first time with the internet.
There are folks in marginalized groups that are speaking up for the first time.
There are people who are like us, who are white men, who aren't really used to being
challenged a lot that's happening now, and it's up to us to just sort of be like, well,
you know, we kinda just gotta suck it up and deal because boy, oh boy, has it been easy
to be a white man.
And certainly a credit card debt to pay.
I'm really glad you brought that up, because not only did three years ago on this podcast
that I knew, I wanted to make sure I acknowledged that, that as far as voting concerns, on this
very podcast, I have changed from a guy who was like, your vote doesn't matter, boo, boo,
and I was in my 40s saying that.
I used to say it, too.
So that, you know, but if you asked me at that time, I'd like to say if you asked me
what my deal breaker was, I would have, I would say, I don't know, a fascist coup, but
however, like, I'm glad you brought, that's the more important thing to bring up, because
I was 25 once, and I'm gonna give it 20 years ago.
And when I was 25, yeah, I mean, if I was living in this world now, would I leave an
Instagram comment on a man's Instagram, whose cartoon I liked telling him to get back to
work because his cartoon's like, no, never, no, those people are horrible.
Yeah, they are.
However, but, but, but, but, you know, but now they have a voice, but, but, but a lot
of the people who, who are saying things like, we have been, we've been equalized, like,
you can't, it's the very beginning of the start of a whisper of it from a emotionally
retarded 19 year old from a 25 year old who's been abused as a child from a 36 year old.
That's like, like the, all of that shit is out the window, which is probably ultimately
if we survive this rapture, a better thing than a worse thing.
Because throwing out biological strata is probably going to could benefit us if we
survive this.
Yeah, we're all going to need to work together to survive the horrible things that are in
store for us in the future.
But I guess that means that if you're a 45 year old and you're like, I hate the world,
like the test upon you, if I expect today's 25 year old to comport themselves with some
dignity when they're leaving comments on my girlfriend's Instagram, there should also
be that I have to look at myself as Gandalf and go, well, you have responsibilities to
kind of.
Like, if Peregrine took, knocks a barrel down a well, like, what if Gandalf had just been
like, you piece of shit, I'm going to skin you alive.
And then the ogre's came and he's like, just take him, I don't care, I fucking hate Middle
Earth.
Did you know wizards aren't even men?
They're like a different species in this world, I'm a fucking elite, I'm out of here,
teleport, level nine.
I'm Gandalf the purple in a world without dipshits.
I come here for fun.
I love the image of Gandalf being like boring.
He kind of does big deal.
He does do that.
But I'm realizing now, okay, maybe don't be irritated by him because he also he's the
acid test is he goes, you shall not pass to a fucking ball rock.
He's out there and he says, fly you fools.
To be fair to him, he gets to apparently live through that, which no one else does.
Like, oh, hey, where are you?
Well, I lost that fight to the demon and fell through a thing and then I am back.
I think he won.
Yeah, that's a good metaphor for the structural benefit that being a white man has in this
society.
You don't have to fight the ball rock that hard.
Right.
Yeah, you just become Gandalf the white.
Yeah, Gandalf the toxic male white, Gandalf the Gandalf the white fragile, the fragile
white gun owner.
You could take my staff for my cold dead hands.
I didn't buy it because I'm conservative.
I bought it because they're rude in the world.
I don't know why I'm using this voice when that's literally my justification for having
bought a gun.
Did you buy a gun?
Yeah, because I might kill myself.
Oh, all right.
Well, that's actually a reason, I mean, because that's one of the things that might happen
when you buy one.
No, that's not true.
I was supposed to get a laugh too.
All right.
It's true.
Like, it's probably true that I would maybe right.
That's why everyone didn't laugh.
Dan, let's talk about how satire works.
Well, satire works truth and jest, I mean, but I'm like, like, no, it's just because
if I were to ever, like, for instance, I would never, I'm never going to kill myself because
unless unless I would never as Cody dies.
If Cody dies, my promise is not broken if Cody, if he's already backtracked.
So what you've just said is you'll never kill myself.
Wait a second.
You have not ruled out murder, suicide.
That's good to know.
No, no, I'm not going to murder Cody.
That's a strange read, but technically true.
It was interesting.
It was interesting in a Shimali on a kind of yeah, I like the way you're thinking as
a screenwriter.
Yeah, right.
I like that you made a Shimali on an adjective.
That was very nice.
It's a more Yiddish, I thought it was like, what's this, Michelle, you're being a Shimali
on a gas.
You're being an M Night Michigana right now.
M Night Shimali gas.
What's this M Night Shimali gas?
What do you have to have if they lived in a village?
What did you tell them?
Just live in a village.
I don't know.
This is a way to end the movie.
She goes to a gas station.
What water?
No vases covered in water.
Swing away and then it's supposed to happen.
I see dead people.
I see dead people every day.
I talk to them.
On the internet.
I don't know what to do.
I go to my therapist.
My marriage has been dead for 35 years.
You don't see me commencing about it.
You know what I'm saying?
It's hot in here.
M Night Michigana.
He's like the leery cable guy of horse-built horror humor.
We could have kept it on the road, but I drove it off the cliff of anti-Semitism because
it turned into like, oh, everybody, Jewish people are all old Jews that don't like humidity.
As a Jewish person, it's a different kind of heat.
You're Jewish.
All right.
Let's fucking do this.
Different kind of heat.
They say the coal is coming from inside the house.
Of course, it's my wife.
M Night Michigana is your rap to close the show up.
All right.
M Night Michigana rap.
It's not a good idea for a rap.
It's the worst concept for a rap since lobster traps.
Let me tell you about the history of a trap that you will never see a lobster trap was
a bucket.
If you laid it on its side, the lobster'd say fuck it.
Go in backwards and go in it.
Put your mama in an hour and a minute.
All right.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Let's give it up for our guest, Josh Androwski.
Well, yes, on Measure B.
Yes, son.
Thank you.
Participate in musical elections.
Yes.
Look into Measure B. Yeah.
Do whatever.
And Google its concepts and have conversations about it.
Let's give it up for everybody here at Harmontown.
Kris Boruff, Steve Levy, Church, Knoll the Fabric, Zac McKeever.
I'm Jeff, your Comptroller, your Game Master, Spencer Crittenden, and your mayor, Dan Pajamas
Harmon.
Oh, no.
What's happening?
Thank you all for coming, everybody.
Drive fast to take chances.